OSDOCS-9476 AWS Outposts GA Delivery - Network Edge (#71616)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/nw-aws-load-balancer-with-outposts.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
// * networking/aws_load_balancer_operator/understanding-aws-load-balancer-operator.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="nw-aws-load-balancer-and-outposts_{context}"]
= AWS Load Balancer Operator and AWS Outposts

AWS Load Balancer Operator can work with AWS Outposts via the cluster ingress operator. This service needs to be annotated with a non outposts subnet.

> Ingress resources also must be annotated with the either regular subnets or outposts subnets (but not both).

Reviewer: Also, we need to add that NLBs are not supported on AWS Outposts, therefore ALBO will fail to provision them on AWS Outposts subnets.

Author: Thank you!

> Ingress resources also must be annotated with the either regular subnets or outposts subnets (but not both).

Author: thanks, I appreciate the example!

// Module included in the following assemblies:
// * networking/aws_load_balancer_operator/understanding-aws-load-balancer-operator.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="nw-aws-load-balancer-with-outposts_{context}"]
= AWS Load Balancer Operator and AWS Outposts

> AWS Load Balancer Operator can work with AWS Outposts. Ingress resources must be annotated with the either regular subnets or outposts subnets (but not both).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
AWS Load Balancer Operator can work with AWS Outposts. Ingress resources must be annotated with the either outposts or regular subnets (but not both).
```
Since we are talking about the AWS Outposts support.

Author: TY

.Procedure

* Configure the Ingress resource to use a specified subnet:
+
.Example Ingress resource configuration
[source,yaml]
----
apiVersion: networking.k8s.io/v1
kind: Ingress
metadata:
  name: echoserver
  annotations:

>     alb.ingress.kubernetes.io/subnets: <outposts-subnet-id> # <1>

Reviewer 2: suggestion to use underscores per [doc guideline](https://github.com/openshift/openshift-docs/blob/main/contributing_to_docs/doc_guidelines.adoc#procedure-step-that-introduces-a-command:~:text=System%20or%20software%20variable%20to%20be%20replaced%20by%20the%20user) examples:
```suggestion
    alb.ingress.kubernetes.io/subnets: <outposts_subnet_id> # <1>
```

Author: ty

spec:
  ingressClassName: alb 
  rules:
    - http:
        paths:
          - path: /
            pathType: Exact
            backend:
              service:
                name: echoserver
                port:
                  number: 80
----
<1> Specifies the subnet to use. To use the Application Load Balancer in an Outpost, specify the Outpost subnet ID.

> Application Load Balancer is supported. Classic Load Balancer and Network Load balancer are not, so AWS Load Balancer Operator will not provision them on AWS Outposts subnets.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Application Load Balancer is supported. Network Load balancer is not, so AWS Load Balancer Operator will not provision it on AWS Outposts subnets.
```

What do you think about moving these phrases at the beginning of the chapter and placing let's say after "AWS Load Balancer Operator can work with AWS Outposts"?

> Application Load Balancer is supported. Classic Load Balancer and Network Load balancer are not, so AWS Load Balancer Operator will not provision them on AWS Outposts subnets.

Reviewer 2: Present tense [per ISG](https://www.ibm.com/docs/en/ibm-style?topic=grammar-verbs#tense), unless the meaning is significantly changed by switching tenses:
```suggestion
Application Load Balancer is supported. Classic Load Balancer and Network Load balancer are not, so AWS Load Balancer Operator does not provision them on AWS Outposts subnets.
```
